right guys talk to her again and finally
the long-promised mg36 review i'm glad
i'm finally done of this well it's not
because i didn't enjoy making it or
something like that just because a few
people interrupted me during the making
of this video so it took me a few tries
anyway let's get a topic so I'll quickly
started with the starts before I tell
you my preference and how I use this gun
so the mg36 has a high fire rate as for
the LMGs of course at 750 rounds per
minute which is the second highest of
all elements right after the m249 saw
and it is tied with the m27 yards so
definitely a good good fire rate for the
LMGs it does 25 damage up close which
will result in a four-shot kill on close
range in core and a free shot kill on
close range in hardcore however on long
range is going to take you six shots on
core and four shots on hardcore as it
takes ads as the damage drops down to 17
on a range of 50 meters and forgot to
mention that the damage of 25 is just up
to a range of 8 meters so pretty average
stats there it's like an assault rifle
basically and the gun has a pretty low
kick compared to the belt fed lmg so
it's not hard to control this guns
recoil however I would definitely
recommend you burst fire with this gun
as the spread is pretty high as as well
as like it is with all the other lmg so
you only want to follow 21 on close to
mid range and as soon as you try killing
people at longer ranges even if you have
your urine you're a at your side right
on the enemy it's not gonna hit because
the spread is pretty pretty damn big if
you pull out a fire this gun for for a
few shots so definitely try burst firing
and you're going to be lot more precise
and also this gun features a
short mode so you can well verse 5 you
can definitely use that on longer range
as if you aren't comfortable with burst
firing on other guns so when I tried it
out and the kick as I said is a little
bit more to the right however I myself
don't have any trouble compensating this
so as I said you can do the first firing
a nun mid-range it's gonna drag down the
trigger a little bit to the left and a
little bit down and like that you will
stay on target easily and to just get
the real time start this gun reloads in
three seconds if you have a bullet in
the chamber however if you have emptied
your whole magazine it's going to take
you 4.6 seconds which is pretty average
it's a little higher than the assault
rifles however better than the belt that
LMG so compared with the magazine size
definitely a good reload time of course
use extended mags will get to the
attachments later and the gun is
unlocked if you get you need you need to
have back to car cut first as it is a
back to karkand gun and you can unlock
this gun by getting 20 kills with LMGs
and two mortar kills after that that
will unlock the type 95 or qbb 95 and
austria unlock this gun it's going to
take you 100 more lmg kills and fifty
suppression assists and you will have to
scan so I think to our maybe I forgot
something but I will well list that in
the video you'll see that as a text in
front of the video if I forgot something
because all this finger forget something
there so let's just quickly get up to
the attachments and I myself always go
of extended mags on this gun extended
mags is the default attachment you get
also you also get by for than a 12-time
scope however I don't use the bipod at
all the bipod to me is not the best
attachment for this gun i think the grip
is better as i feel more comfortable
using a belt-fed lmg with a bipod I
really don't like using the magazine-fed
LMGs like the RPK or the m27 yar
with a bipod that's just it's not it's
not worth it you'd rather have an m6
you're a pkp with five pots those work
way better so I would definitely
recommend you go were gripped ask for
the sights I can't really tell you what
exactly you have to use what is best
this is a pretty versatile gun however I
do think that a red dot Cobra or reflex
sight that reflex holographic sight will
definitely do a great job however if you
like a carb or something like that you
can't give it a try but I don't think it
would work as well as a non zoom scope
so there goes my preference for the
sides as i see here i used to wrap it or
not this is tore my favorite site
overall level I'll basically only use
the site anymore because I just love it
so much and the last attachments lot is
where you have a grip another group
sorry the laser pointer tank light
extended mags and suppressor and in my
opinion the only barfi attachment here
is the extended mags as this gun has
only 50 bullets if you don't use
extended mags well it's not only but I I
feel way more comfortable if I have
those hundred poll that says woof the
high fire rate that makes it's got a lot
more versatile we've got like 10 27 y/o
of course it's a little harder to
suppress but if you have 100 bullets in
this rifle it's gonna be you can you can
use it to to kill people at longer range
as you can suppress peeplets it's
getting very very versatile the only
thing the only downside is not being
like you dare you show up on the map but
if you go want to go for silencer take
the the entry seven yar or the RPK in my
opinion at least so I hope that could
help and you see her to score nothing
too special this game gotta admit that
and as I said I hope you enjoy it and oh
what could help you a little bit if
you've any more questions about the gun
you know just ask me a post me a comment
tell me what you want to know and I'm
out SIA